pages/home.md, before:

---
templateEngineOverride: njk,md,html
layout: layouts/base.njk
title: Adam Kammerling
subtitle: Maybe a nice little bit of introductory text summing you up, bit of
  this bit of that.
date: Last Modified
permalink: /
tags: home
eleventyNavigation:
  key: Home
  order: 0
page_sections:
  - page_section: poetry
    type: content
    title: Poetry
    id: poetry
    bgcolor: "#ffffff"
    cols:
      - >-
        Adam is a former UK poetry slam champion. He began performing poetry on
        the slam scene in Brighton and has been gigging regularly for over a
        decade. From the Helsinki Word Festival to Glastonbury Poetry Stage,
        from Southbank Centre to venues countrywide.


        His forthcoming book, **There is a Goldfish**, on [Outspoken Press,](http://www.outspokenldn.com/) explores his Jewish heritage and discovers how generational trauma lives in the body and the cathartic potential that exists in contemporary spaces. As a producer and artist with the Chill Pill Collective he sold out shows all over the country and regularly hosted The Big One events at The Albany, Deptford.
      - "![A black and white photo of Adam Kammerling, a scruffy 20-something,
        holding a giant pencil and talking into a
        mic](/static/img/big-pencil.jpg)"
    postbody: >-
      <div class="embed-responsive embed-responsive-16by9">
                <iframe class="embed-responsive-item" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/mbeZarziYbQ?rel=0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
              </div>
    prebody: null
  - title: Music
    type: content
    id: music
    bgcolor: "#1d1d1d"
    lighttext: true
    cols:
      - >-
        ### Adam and Cuth


        <blockquote class="blockquote">
          <p class="mb-0">"Flawless presence, encapsulating story telling"</p>
          <footer class="blockquote-footer"><cite title="Source Title">undergroundHH.com</cite></footer>
        </blockquote>


        Cuth produces beats. Adam raps. Together they make soulful, down to earth hip hop without pretension, misogyny or shiny accessories.

        <iframe style="border: 0; width: 100%; height: 42px;" src="https://bandcamp.com/EmbeddedPlayer/album=2218294651/size=small/bgcol=ffffff/linkcol=0687f5/transparent=true/" seamless><a href="http://adamandcuth.bandcamp.com/album/actual-cake">Actual Cake by Adam and Cuth</a></iframe>
      - >-
        ![adam and cuth standing in front of a bright orange
        wall](/static/img/actual-cake.jpg)
    postbody: >-
      <div class="embed-responsive embed-responsive-16by9">
                <iframe class="embed-responsive-item" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/w5FsuixsnN8?rel=0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
              </div>
    prebody: null
  - id: musicdiionn
    type: content
    bgcolor: "#1d1d1d"
    lighttext: true
    cols:
      - "![Adam striding widely in the countryside](/static/img/swh_4352.jpg)"
      - >-
        ### DIIONN


        A collaboration with producer and filmmaker, Joseph Bird. A meshing of influences from Fugazi to 0800 Dinosaur, from The Cure to Outkast. Equal parts political and playful, bleak and lush. Rerecorded with Sam Miller, mixed by Josh Grey-Jung of Strangelove.
    title: null
  - id: musicdoyoufruit
    type: content
    bgcolor: "#1d1d1d"
    lighttext: true
    cols:
      - >-
        ### Do You Fruit?


        Weighty themes and bleak aesthetics. The collaboration between Adam and producer Fea explores the interaction of sparse dub with spoken texts. In the vein of King Midas Sound or Kode9 and Space Ape.
      - <iframe width="100%" height="450" scrolling="no" frameborder="no" allow="autoplay" src="https://w.soundcloud.com/player/?url=https%3A//api.soundcloud.com/users/305844579&color=%230a262b&auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&show_teaser=true&visual=true"></iframe>
    title: null
  - type: wide_image
    image: /static/img/adamcuth-wide.jpg
    caption: Adam and Cuth. Simple, yet satisfying.
  - id: theatre
    type: content
    bgcolor: "#FFFFFF"
    lighttext: false
    cols:
      - >-
        ### Shall We Take This Outside

        <blockquote class="blockquote">
          <p class="mb-0">"A work of true dazzling brilliance"</p>
          <footer class="blockquote-footer"><cite title="Source Title">Yack magazine</cite></footer>
        </blockquote>


        A unique and visceral fusion of spoken word and dance. Adam teamed up with dance super- humans, Si Rawlinson and Emma Houston, to explore the effect of hero behaviour on real-world attitudes to violence, and male mental health. Commissioned by Apples And Snakes and the Albany, and supported by Arts Council England, Shall We Take This Outside toured to Bristol, Southampton, Stratford, Canterbury and Norwich, and featured at Southbank Centre for BAM festival.
      - "![Adam standing on a stage under a spotlight, someone lies still on the floor behind him in the shadow](/static/img/swtto-flyer.jpg)"
    title: Theatre
  - id: theatre_goldfish
    type: content
    bgcolor: "#FFFFFF"
    lighttext: false
    cols:
      - "![Adam standing on a stage under a spotlight, someone lies still on the floor behind him in the shadow](/static/img/there-is-goldfish.jpg)"
      - >-
        ### There is a Goldfish

        Despite making people smile from ear to ear while giving them butterflies, Joseph can also be annoying with his unfiltered remarks. However, he doesn't have a mean bone in his body and doesn't mean to hurt anyone intentionally. Joseph has the cutest laugh, kindest deep brown eyes, sexy salt and pepper hair, flawless olive skin, and silly boyish smile. His true beauty lies within his attitude, personality, talents and in the way he carries himself. In other words, Joseph is a wonderful person that will make your heart beat out of your chest for all the right reasons!
    title: null
  - type: wide_image
    image: /static/img/theatre-fly-wide.jpg
    caption: Shall we take this outside, some theatre in London.
---

![](/static/img/adam-moody.jpg)

Commit message:

worked with logos in and contact form

pages/home.md, after:

---
templateEngineOverride: njk,md,html
layout: layouts/base.njk
title: Adam Kammerling
subtitle: Maybe a nice little bit of introductory text summing you up, bit of
  this bit of that.
date: Last Modified
permalink: /
tags: home
eleventyNavigation:
  key: Home
  order: 0
page_sections:
  - page_section: poetry
    type: content
    title: Poetry
    id: poetry
    bgcolor: "#ffffff"
    cols:
      - "![A black and white photo of Adam Kammerling, a scruffy 20-something,
        holding a giant pencil and talking into a
        mic](/static/img/big-pencil.jpg)"
      - >-
        Adam is a former UK poetry slam champion. He began performing poetry on
        the slam scene in Brighton and has been gigging regularly for over a
        decade. From the Helsinki Word Festival to Glastonbury Poetry Stage,
        from Southbank Centre to venues countrywide.


        His forthcoming book, **There is a Goldfish**, on [Outspoken Press,](http://www.outspokenldn.com/) explores his Jewish heritage and discovers how generational trauma lives in the body and the cathartic potential that exists in contemporary spaces. As a producer and artist with the Chill Pill Collective he sold out shows all over the country and regularly hosted The Big One events at The Albany, Deptford.
    postbody: >-
      <div class="embed-responsive embed-responsive-16by9">
                <iframe class="embed-responsive-item" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/mbeZarziYbQ?rel=0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
              </div>
    prebody: null
  - title: Music
    type: content
    id: adamandcuth
    bgcolor: "#1d1d1d"
    lighttext: true
    cols:
      - >-
        ### Adam and Cuth


        <blockquote class="blockquote">
          <p class="mb-0">"Flawless presence, encapsulating story telling"</p>
          <footer class="blockquote-footer"><cite title="Source Title">undergroundHH.com</cite></footer>
        </blockquote>


        Cuth produces beats. Adam raps. Together they make soulful, down to earth hip hop without pretension, misogyny or shiny accessories.

        <iframe style="border: 0; width: 100%; height: 42px;" src="https://bandcamp.com/EmbeddedPlayer/album=2218294651/size=small/bgcol=ffffff/linkcol=0687f5/transparent=true/" seamless><a href="http://adamandcuth.bandcamp.com/album/actual-cake">Actual Cake by Adam and Cuth</a></iframe>
      - >-
        ![adam and cuth standing in front of a bright orange
        wall](/static/img/actual-cake.jpg)
    postbody: >-
      <div class="embed-responsive embed-responsive-16by9">
                <iframe class="embed-responsive-item" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/w5FsuixsnN8?rel=0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
              </div>
    prebody: null
  - id: diionn
    type: content
    bgcolor: "#1d1d1d"
    lighttext: true
    cols:
      - >-
        ### DIIONN


        A collaboration with producer and filmmaker, Joseph Bird. A meshing of influences from Fugazi to 0800 Dinosaur, from The Cure to Outkast. Equal parts political and playful, bleak and lush. Rerecorded with Sam Miller, mixed by Josh Grey-Jung of Strangelove.
      - "![Adam striding widely in the countryside](/static/img/swh_4352.jpg)"
    title: null
  - id: doyoufruit
    type: content
    bgcolor: "#1d1d1d"
    lighttext: true
    cols:
      - >-
        ### Do You Fruit?


        Weighty themes and bleak aesthetics. The collaboration between Adam and producer Fea explores the interaction of sparse dub with spoken texts. In the vein of King Midas Sound or Kode9 and Space Ape.
      - <iframe width="100%" height="450" scrolling="no" frameborder="no" allow="autoplay" src="https://w.soundcloud.com/player/?url=https%3A//api.soundcloud.com/users/305844579&color=%230a262b&auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&show_teaser=true&visual=true"></iframe>
    title: null
  - type: wide_image
    image: /static/img/adamcuth-wide.jpg
    caption: Adam and Cuth. Simple, yet satisfying.
  - id: shallwetakethisoutside
    type: content
    bgcolor: "#FFFFFF"
    lighttext: false
    cols:
      - >-
        ### Shall We Take This Outside

        <blockquote class="blockquote">
          <p class="mb-0">"A work of true dazzling brilliance"</p>
          <footer class="blockquote-footer"><cite title="Source Title">Yack magazine</cite></footer>
        </blockquote>


        A unique and visceral fusion of spoken word and dance. Adam teamed up with dance super- humans, Si Rawlinson and Emma Houston, to explore the effect of hero behaviour on real-world attitudes to violence, and male mental health. Commissioned by Apples And Snakes and the Albany, and supported by Arts Council England, Shall We Take This Outside toured to Bristol, Southampton, Stratford, Canterbury and Norwich, and featured at Southbank Centre for BAM festival.
      - "![Adam standing on a stage under a spotlight, someone lies still on the floor behind him in the shadow](/static/img/swtto-flyer.jpg)"
    title: Theatre
  - id: thereisagoldfish
    type: content
    bgcolor: "#FFFFFF"
    lighttext: false
    cols:
      - "![Adam standing on a stage under a spotlight, someone lies still on the floor behind him in the shadow](/static/img/there-is-goldfish.jpg)"
      - >-
        ### There is a Goldfish

        Despite making people smile from ear to ear while giving them butterflies, Joseph can also be annoying with his unfiltered remarks. However, he doesn't have a mean bone in his body and doesn't mean to hurt anyone intentionally. Joseph has the cutest laugh, kindest deep brown eyes, sexy salt and pepper hair, flawless olive skin, and silly boyish smile. His true beauty lies within his attitude, personality, talents and in the way he carries himself. In other words, Joseph is a wonderful person that will make your heart beat out of your chest for all the right reasons!
    title: null
  - type: wide_image
    image: /static/img/theatre-fly-wide.jpg
    caption: Shall we take this outside, some theatre in London.
  - id: educating
    type: content
    bgcolor: "#FFFFFF"
    lighttext: false
    cols:
      - >-
        ### Workshops

        Joseph has the cutest laugh, kindest deep brown eyes, sexy salt and pepper hair, flawless olive skin, and silly boyish smile. His true beauty lies within his attitude, personality, talents and in the way he carries himself. In other words, Joseph is a wonderful person that will make your heart beat out of your chest for all the right reasons!

        <blockquote class="blockquote">
          <p class="mb-0">"Your poetry was obscene, Adam. You lewd urchin."</p>
          <footer class="blockquote-footer"><cite title="Source Title">An uncharacteristically unreliable youth center</cite></footer>
        </blockquote>
    title: Education
    postbody: "![Adam with a group of students at a school](/static/img/adam-school.jpg)"
---

![](/static/img/adam-moody.jpg)
